Linuxtrack WINE DLL
-------------------
Author: John Tsiombikas <nuclear@member.fsf.org>

1. About the Linuxtrack WINE DLL

This program provides the glue for letting TrackIR-compatible windows
applications running under WINE on GNU/Linux, communicate with the linuxtrack
6dof headtracker instead of TrackIR.

In essence it's just a drop-in replacement for Natural Point's npclient.dll
which is used by windows apps to get head position/rotation data from TrackIR.
It implements the same API provided by npclient.dll, but instead of feeding
the applications with data coming from TrackIR, it uses linuxtrack as a source.

2. Installation

To compile the linuxtrack wine dll you will need the wine development tools
(winegcc etc), linuxtrack, expat, and Xlib. If you're running on a 64bit system,
you will have to install the 32bit versions of those libraries.

After you gather all dependencies, just run make and make install, and
everything should be ready. Do not run make install as root, there's no support
for system-wide installation at this point.

3. Usage

Just run any application that supports TrackIR through wine, and it should work
automatically. After you run an application for the first time, a new linuxtrack
profile will automatically be created, and you may use ltr_gui, the linuxtrack
configuration tool, to tweak tracking details.

By default scroll-lock is used to recenter the camera, and pause/break to toggle
the tracking on and off. You may change these keybindings by editing the
.ltrdll/config file. The names of the keys are the same as those in
/usr/include/X11/keysymdef.h without the prefix XK_.

4. Bugs

- Apps using the encrypted protocol to communicate with TrackIR are not
  supported yet.

Send bug reports to nuclear@member.fsf.org, and make sure to include the logfile
/tmp/npdll.log with your bug report.

Demanding a fix or a feature will place you permanently in my ignore list. Well
written patches are more than welcome, ugly code will go straight to /dev/null,
make sure you follow the conventions of the rest of the code when hacking
something that you plan to send me.
